I am the master warrior!
Your powers are nothing to me!
You are not worthy to face me!
You almost provided a challenge!
You made an effort at least, pathetic as it was!
My ability to win is genetic!
Is that all you can do?
Your ridiculous abilities are no match for me!
Your powers can't compare to my skill!
You fool, you have no chance of defeating me!
Rest, tovarisch. We will try again later.
So, comrade--care to go another round?
Your power is almost the equal of my own!
Now you know what it feels like to battle the Nornir!
Be thankful I was pulling my punches!
You fight valiantly, you are no match for Verdandi!
Power isn't everything, friend!
You were tougher than I thought. I'll remember that!
I don't lead the Nornir for nothing!
Never mess with an Norn!
Given your rep, I expected more of a fight!
When I say 'chill out' pal, I mean it!
I hope you're not a sore loser!
Losing is definitely your strong point!
How about putting up a fight next time, huh?
Of course I've won, nothing can stop the Jugg..eh..Verdandi!
Next time, bring your little friends!
That's what you get for standing in my way!
Better luck next time, loser!
Stomping you was a waste of my time!
Let's see what happens when you make me real mad.
The game is ended--but next time, I will show no mercy!
A pity you have chosen to stand against Verdandi!
Now you will understand the true meaning of power!
What did you hope to accomplish, whelp?
You are beneath my notice, worm!
You should feel honored to be destroyed by me!
Did you believe your pitiful powers could defeat me?
Well fought--but not nearly well enough!
I cannot be destroyed by the likes of you!
Bah! I have no time to waste on such a weak opponent.
Next time, I suggest you try fighting back.
How considerate of you to stand still while I defeat you.
Call me again when you are serious!
Your skills grow with experience--but not enough for me!
You've lost, but you've proven yourself.
Your skills don't compare to mine!
You fought well, but you are still outclassed!
Subject eliminated, minimal force required.
Mission completed. Unit in need of repairs.
Superior programming ensures victory.
Resistance is futile, human.
Objective accomplished, target neutralized.
Target's offensive abilities were minor.
You have been neutralized.
You cannot defeat a true norn!
You are an unworthy opponent!
You wear defeat well, you must have much practice!
You are unfit to face the power of Verdandi!
Your lack of discipline is obvious to all!
Your powers are a joke to me!
You're lucky to have escaped with your life!
I only need one arm to defeat the likes of you!
Pay attention next time, or the results will be the same!
Not bad--you humans lose better than anyone else I know!
So much spirit, so little skill!
Consider this to be a warning!
Learn from your defeat, child.
Next time, I would hope you would give more of a challenge!
A noble try, next time we may see a different outcome.
I've scrapped with the best, pal, and you ain't it!
Nice try, bub, but I'm still the best there is at what I do!
That's the best you can do?
You gotta fight harder than that, rookie!
Thanks bub, I needed the workout.
Next time I won't even have to unsheathe my claws.
Yer gettin' better, kid--but yer not there yet!